docs/docs/cloud/deployment/self_hosted.md, before:

# How to Self-Host LangGraph Cloud API

!!! warning "Enterprise License Required"
    Self-hosting LangGraph Cloud API requires a license key. Please contact sales@langchain.dev for more details.

LangGraph Cloud APIs can be self-hosted with a valid LangGraph Cloud license key. Self-hosted deployments are built with Docker and deployed with Helm (on Kubernetes) or with Docker Compose. Ensure that the [Docker CLI](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/cli/) is installed.

## Build Docker Image

1. Follow the [How-to Guide](setup.md) for setting up a LangGraph application for deployment.
1. Install the [LangGraph CLI](../reference/cli.md#installation).
1. Run the following LangGraph CLI `build` command to build a Docker image. Specify the image tag (`-t`) and other desired [options](../reference/cli.md#build).

        langgraph build -t tag_name

## Self-Host on Kubernetes

The public Helm chart for LangGraph Cloud is available [here](https://github.com/langchain-ai/helm/tree/main/charts/langgraph-cloud).

1. Ensure that the [Helm client](https://github.com/helm/helm?tab=readme-ov-file#install) is installed.
1. Publish the built Docker image to a respository that can be accessed by the target Kubernetes cluster.
1. Follow [these instructions](https://github.com/langchain-ai/helm/tree/main/charts/langgraph-cloud#readme) to configure the Helm chart and deploy to Kubernetes.

## Self-Host with Docker

Docker Compose can be used to deploy LangGraph Cloud to the compute infrastructure of your choice (e.g. VM).

Commit message:

Add warning label to Docker compose section.

docs/docs/cloud/deployment/self_hosted.md, after:

# How to Self-Host LangGraph Cloud API

!!! warning "Enterprise License Required"
    Self-hosting LangGraph Cloud API requires a license key. Please contact sales@langchain.dev for more details.

LangGraph Cloud APIs can be self-hosted with a valid LangGraph Cloud license key. Self-hosted deployments are built with Docker and deployed with Helm (on Kubernetes) or with Docker Compose. Ensure that the [Docker CLI](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/cli/) is installed.

## Build Docker Image

1. Follow the [How-to Guide](setup.md) for setting up a LangGraph application for deployment.
1. Install the [LangGraph CLI](../reference/cli.md#installation).
1. Run the following LangGraph CLI `build` command to build a Docker image. Specify the image tag (`-t`) and other desired [options](../reference/cli.md#build).

        langgraph build -t tag_name

## Self-Host on Kubernetes

The public Helm chart for LangGraph Cloud is available [here](https://github.com/langchain-ai/helm/tree/main/charts/langgraph-cloud).

1. Ensure that the [Helm client](https://github.com/helm/helm?tab=readme-ov-file#install) is installed.
1. Publish the built Docker image to a respository that can be accessed by the target Kubernetes cluster.
1. Follow [these instructions](https://github.com/langchain-ai/helm/tree/main/charts/langgraph-cloud#readme) to configure the Helm chart and deploy to Kubernetes.

## Self-Host with Docker

!!! warning "Under Construction"
    This section of the documentation is in progress.

Docker Compose can be used to deploy LangGraph Cloud to the compute infrastructure of your choice (e.g. VM).
