docs/docs/concepts/low_level.md, before:

# Low Level Conceptual Guide

## Graphs

At its core, LangGraph models agent workflows as graphs. You define the behavior of your agents using three key components:

1. `State`: A shared data structure that represents the current snapshot of your application. It can be any Python type, but is typically a `TypedDict` or Pydantic `BaseModel`.

2. `Nodes`: Python functions that encode the logic of your agents. They receive the current `State` as input, perform some computation or side-effect, and return an updated `State`.

3. `Edges`: Python functions that determine which `Node` to execute next based on the current `State`. They can be conditional branches or fixed transitions.

By composing `Nodes` and `Edges`, you can create complex, looping workflows that evolve the `State` over time. The real power, though, comes from how LangGraph manages that `State`. To emphasize: `Nodes` and `Edges` are nothing more than Python functions - they can contain an LLM or just good ol' Python code.

In short: _nodes do the work. edges tell what to do next_.

LangGraph's underlying graph algorithm uses [message passing](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Message_passing) to define a general program. When a `Node` completes, it sends a message along one or more edges to other node(s). These nodes run their functions, pass the resulting messages to the next set of nodes, and on and on it goes. Inspired by [Pregel](https://research.google/pubs/pregel-a-system-for-large-scale-graph-processing/), the program proceeds in discrete "super-steps" that are all executed conceptually in parallel. Whenever the graph is run, all the nodes start in an `inactive` state. Whenever an incoming edge (or "channel") receives a new message (state), the node becomes `active`, runs the function, and responds with updates. At the end of each superstep, each node votes to `halt` by marking itself as `inactive` if it has no more incoming messages. The graph terminates when all nodes are `inactive` and when no messages are in transit.

### StateGraph

The `StateGraph` class is the main graph class to uses. This is parameterized by a user defined `State` object.

### MessageGraph

The `MessageGraph` class is a special type of graph. The `State` of a `MessageGraph` is ONLY a list of messages. This class is rarely used except for chatbots, as most applications require the `State` to be more complex than a list of messages.

### Compiling your graph

To build your graph, you first define the [state](#state), you then add [nodes](#nodes) and [edges](#edges), and then you compile it. What exactly is compiling your graph and why is it needed?

Compiling is a pretty simple step. It provides a few basic checks on the structure of your graph (no orphaned nodes, etc). It is also where you can specify runtime args like [checkpointers](#checkpointer) and [breakpoints](#breakpoints). You compile your graph by just calling the `.compile` method:

```python
graph = graph_builder.compile(...)
```

You **MUST** compile your graph before you can use it.

## State

The first thing you do when you define a graph is define the `State` of the graph. The `State` consists of the schema of graph as well as `reducer` functions which specify how to apply updates to the state. The schema of the `State` will be the input schema to all `Nodes` and `Edges` in the graph, and can be either a `TypedDict` or a `Pydantic` model. All `Nodes` will emit updates to the `State` which are then applied using the specified `reducer` function.

### Schema

The main documented way to specify the schema of a graph is by using `TypedDict`. However, we also support [using a Pydantic BaseModel](https://langchain-ai.github.io/langgraph/how-tos/state-model/) as your graph state to add **default values** and additional data validation.

### Reducers

Reducers are key to understanding how updates from nodes are applied to the `State`. Each key in the `State` has its own independent reducer function. If no reducer function is explicitly specified then it is assumed that all updates to that key should override it. Let's take a look at a few examples to understand them better.

**Example A:**

```python
from typing import TypedDict

class State(TypedDict):
    foo: int
    bar: list[str]
```

In this example, no reducer functions are specified for any key. Let's assume the input to the graph is `{"foo": 1, "bar": ["hi"]}`. Let's then assume the first `Node` returns `{"foo": 2}`. This is treated as an update to the state. Notice that the `Node` does not need to return the whole `State` schema - just an update. After applying this update, the `State` would then be `{"foo": 2, "bar": ["hi"]}`. If the second node returns `{"bar": ["bye"]}` then the `State` would then be `{"foo": 2, "bar": ["bye"]}`


**Example B:**

```python
from typing import TypedDict, Annotated
from operator import add

class State(TypedDict):
    foo: int
    bar: Annotated[list[str], add]
```

In this example, we've used the `Annotated` type to specify a reducer function (`operator.add`) for the second key (`bar`). Note that the first key remains unchanged. Let's assume the input to the graph is `{"foo": 1, "bar": ["hi"]}`. Let's then assume the first `Node` returns `{"foo": 2}`. This is treated as an update to the state. Notice that the `Node` does not need to return the whole `State` schema - just an update. After applying this update, the `State` would then be `{"foo": 2, "bar": ["hi"]}`. If the second node returns `{"bar": ["bye"]}` then the `State` would then be `{"foo": 2, "bar": ["hi", "bye"]}`. Notice here that the `bar` key is updated by adding the two lists together.


### MessageState

`MessageState` is one of the few opinionated components in LangGraph. `MessageState` is a special state designed to make it easy to use a list of messages as a key in your state. Specifically, `MessageState` is defined as:

```python
from langchain_core.messages import AnyMessage
from langgraph.graph.message import add_messages
from typing import Annotated, TypedDict

class MessagesState(TypedDict):
    messages: Annotated[list[AnyMessage], add_messages]
```

What this is doing is creating a `TypedDict` with a single key: `messages`. This is a list of `Message` objects, with `add_messages` as a reducer. `add_messages` basically adds messages to the existing list (it also does some nice extra things, like convert from OpenAI message format to the standard LangChain message format, handle updates based on message IDs, etc).

We often see a list of messages being a key component of state, so this prebuilt state is intended to make it easy to use messages. Typically, there is more state to track than just messages, so we see people subclass this state and add more fields, like:

```python
from langgraph.graph import MessagesState

class State(MessagesState):
    documents: list[str]
```

## Nodes

In LangGraph, nodes are typically python functions (sync or `async`) where the **first** positional argument is the [state](#state), and (optionally), the **second** positional argument is a "config", containing optional [configurable parameters](#configuration) (such as a `thread_id`).

Similar to `NetworkX`, you add these nodes to a graph using the [add_node](https://langchain-ai.github.io/langgraph/reference/graphs/#langgraph.graph.MessageGraph) method:

```python
from langchain_core.runnables import RunnableConfig
from langgraph.graph import StateGraph

builder = StateGraph(dict)


def my_node(state: dict, config: RunnableConfig):
    print("In node: ", config["configurable"]["user_id"])
    return {"results": f"Hello, {state['input']}!"}


# The second argument is optional
def my_other_node(state: dict):
    return state


builder.add_node("my_node", my_node)
builder.add_node("other_node", my_other_node)
...
```


Behind the scenes, functions are converted to [RunnableLambda's](https://api.python.langchain.com/en/latest/runnables/langchain_core.runnables.base.RunnableLambda.html#langchain_core.runnables.base.RunnableLambda), which add batch and async support to your function, along with native tracing and debugging.

If you add a node to graph without specifying a name, it will be given a default name equivalent to the function name.

```python
builder.add_node(my_node)
# You can then create edges to/from this node by referencing it as `"my_node"`
```

### `START` Node

The `START` Node is a special node that represents the node sends user input to the graph. The main purpose for referencing this node is to determine which nodes should be called first.

```python
from langgraph.graph import START

graph.add_edge(START, "node_a")
```

### `END` Node

The `END` Node is a special node that represents a terminal node. This node is referenced when you want to denote which edges have no actions after they are done.

```
from langgraph.graph import END

graph.add_edge("node_a", END)
```

## Edges

Edges define how the logic is routed and how the graph decides to stop. This is a big part of how your agents work and how different nodes communicate with each other. There are a few key types of edges:

- Normal Edges: Go directly from one node to the next.
- Conditional Edges: Call a function to determine which node(s) to go to next.
- Entry Point: Which node to call first when user input arrives.
- Conditional Entry Point: Call a function to determine which node(s) to call first when user input arrives.

A node can have MULTIPLE outgoing edges. If a node has multiple out-going edges, **all** of those destination nodes will be executed in parallel as a part of the next superstep.

### Normal Edges

If you **always** want to go from node A to node B, you can use the [add_edge](https://langchain-ai.github.io/langgraph/reference/graphs/#langgraph.graph.StateGraph.add_edge) method directly.

```python
graph.add_edge("node_a", "node_b")
```

### Conditional Edges

If you want to **optionally** route to 1 or more edges (or optionally terminate), you can use the [add_conditional_edges](https://langchain-ai.github.io/langgraph/reference/graphs/#langgraph.graph.StateGraph.add_conditional_edges) method. This method accepts the name of a node and a "routing function" to call after that node is executed:

```python
graph.add_edge("node_a", routing_function)
```

Similar to nodes, the `routing_function` accept the current `state` of the graph and return a value.

By default, the return value `routing_function` is used as the name of the node (or a list of nodes) to send the state to next. All those nodes will be run in parallel as a part of the next superstep.

You can optionally provide a dictionary that maps the `routing_function`'s output to the name of the next node.

```python
graph.add_edge("node_a", routing_function, {True: "node_b", False: "node_c"})
```

### Entry Point

The entry point is first node to call when the graph starts.

```python
graph.set_entry_point("node_a")
```

This is equivalent to adding an edge between the `START` node and this node. You may want to use `START` directly when you want to have **multiple** nodes be called first.

```python
from langgraph.graph import START

graph.add_edge(START, "node_a")
```

### Conditional Entry Point

The conditional entry point is used when you want to specify a function to call to determine which node(s) should be called first.

```python
graph.set_conditional_entry_point(routing_function)
```

You can optionally provide a dictionary that maps the `routing_function`'s output to the name of the next node.

```python
graph.set_conditional_entry_point(routing_function, {True: "node_b", False: "node_c"})
```

## `Send`

By default, `Nodes` and `Edges` are defined ahead of time and operate on the same shared state. However, there can be cases where the exact edges are not known ahead of time and/or you may want different versions of `State` to exist at the same time. A common of example of this is with `map-reduce` design patterns. In this design pattern, a first node may generate a list of objects, and you may want to apply some other node to all those objects. The number of objects may be unknown ahead of time (meaning the number of edges may not be known) and the input `State` to the downstream `Node` should be different (one for each generated object).

To support this design pattern, LangGraph supports returning [`Send`](https://langchain-ai.github.io/langgraph/reference/graphs/#send) objects from conditional edges. `Send` takes two arguments: first is the name of the node, and second is the state to pass to that node.

```python
def continue_to_jokes(state: OverallState):
    return [Send("generate_joke", {"subject": s}) for s in state['subjects']]

graph.add_conditional_edges("node_a", continue_to_jokes)
```

## Checkpointer

One of the main benefits of LangGraph is that it comes backed by a persistence layer. This is accomplished via [checkpointers](https://langchain-ai.github.io/langgraph/reference/checkpoints/#basecheckpointsaver).

Checkpointers can be used to save a _checkpoint_ of the state of a graph after all steps of the graph. This allows for several things. 

First, it allows for human-in-the-loop workflows, as it allows humans to inspect, interrupt, and approve steps. Checkpointers are needed for these workflows as the human has to be able to view the state of a graph at any point in time, and the graph has to be to resume execution after the human has made any updates to the state.

Second, it allows for "memory" between interactions. You can use checkpointers to create threads and save the state of a thread after a graph executes. In the case of repeated human interactions (like conversations) any follow up messages can be sent to that checkpoint, which will retain its memory of previous ones.

## Threads

When using a checkpointer, you must specify a `thread_id` or `thread_ts` when running the graph.
Threads are used to checkpoint multiple different runs. This can be used to enable a multi-tenant chat applications.

`thread_id` is simply the ID of a thread. This is always required

`thread_ts` can optionally be passed. This identifier refers to a specific checkpoint within a thread. This can be used to kick of a run of a graph from some point halfway through a thread.

You must pass these when invoking the graph as part of the configurable part of the config.

```python
config = {"configurable": {"thread_id": "a"}}
graph.invoke(inputs, config=config)
```

## Checkpointer state

When you use a checkpointer with a graph, you can interact with the state of that graph.
This usually done when enabling different human-in-the-loop interaction patterns.
When interacting with the checkpointer state, you must specify [thread identifiers](#threads)

Each checkpoint has two properties:

-**values**: This is the value of the state at this point in time.
-**next**: This is a tuple of the nodes to execute next in the graph.

### Get state

You can get the state of a checkpointer by calling `graph.get_state(config)`. The config should contain `thread_id`, and the state will be fetched for that thread.

### Get state history

You can also call `graph.get_state_history(config)` to get a list of the history of the graph. The config should contain `thread_id`, and the state history will be fetched for that thread. 

### Update state

You can also interact with the state directly and update it. This takes three different components:

- config
- values
- `as_node`


**config**

The config should contain `thread_id` specifying which thread to update.

**values**

These are the values that will be used to update the state. Note that this update is treated exactly as any update from a node is treated. This means that these values will be passed to the [reducer](#reducers) functions that are part of the state. So this does NOT automatically overwrite the state. Let's walk through an example.

Let's assume you have defined the state of your graph as:

```python
from typing import TypedDict, Annotated
from operator import add

class State(TypedDict):
    foo: int
    bar: Annotated[list[str], add]
```

Let's now assume the current state of the graph is 

```
{"foo": 1, "bar": ["a"]}
```

If you update the state as below:
```
graph.update_state(config, {"foo": 2, "bar": ["b"]})
```

Then the new state of the graph will be:

```
{"foo": 2, "bar": ["a", "b"]}
```

The `foo` key is completely changed (because there is no reducer specified for that key, so it overwrites it). However, there is a reducer specified for the `bar` key, and so it appends `"b"` to the state of `bar`.

**`as_node`**

The final thing you specify when calling `update_state` is `as_node`. This update will be applied as if it came from node `as_node`. If `as_node` is not provided, it will be set to the last node that updated the state, if not ambiguous.

The reason this matters is that the next steps in the graph to execute depend on the last node to have given an update, so this can be used to control which node executes next.

## Configuration

When creating a graph, you can also mark that certain parts of the graph are configurable. This is commonly done to enable easily switching between models or system prompts. This allows you to create a single "cognitive architecture" (the graph) but have multiple different instance of it.

You can optionally specify a `config_schema` when creating a graph.

```python
class ConfigSchema(TypedDict):
    llm: str

graph = StateGraph(State, config_schema=ConfigSchema)
```

You can then pass this configuration into the graph using the `configurable` config field.

```python
config = {"configurable": {"llm": "anthropic"}}

graph.invoke(inputs, config=config)
```

You can then access and use this configuration inside a node:

```python
def node_a(state, config):
    llm_type = config.get("configurable", {}).get("llm", "openai")
    llm = get_llm(llm_type)
    ...
```

## Breakpoints

It can often be useful to set breakpoints before or after certain nodes execute. This can be used to wait for human approval before continuing. These can be set when you ["compile" a graph](#compiling-your-graph). You can set breakpoints either *before* a node executes (using `interrupt_before`) or after a node executes (using `interrupt_after`.) 

You **MUST** use a [checkpoiner](#checkpointer) when using breakpoints. This is because your graph needs to be able to resume execution.

In order to resume execution, you can just invoke your graph with `None` as the input.

```python
# Initial run of graph
graph.invoke(inputs, config=config)

# Let's assume it hit a breakpoint somewhere, you can then resume by passing in None
graph.invoke(None, config=config)
```

## Visualization

It's often nice to be able to visualize graphs, especially as they get more complex. LangGraph comes with several built-in ways to visualize graphs. See [this how-to guide](https://langchain-ai.github.io/langgraph/how-tos/visualization/) for more info.

## Streaming

LangGraph is built with first class support for streaming. There are several different streaming modes that LangGraph supports:

- `"values"`: This streams the full value of the state after each step of the graph.
- `"updates`: This streams the updates to the state after each step of the graph. If multiple updates are made in the same step (e.g. multiple nodes are run) then those updates are streamed separately.
- `"debug"`: This streams as much information as possible throughout the execution of the graph.

In addition, you can use the [`astream_events`](https://langchain-ai.github.io/langgraph/how-tos/streaming-tokens/) method to stream back events that happen _inside_ nodes. This is useful for streaming tokens of LLM calls.

Commit message:

Update intro to same thread example, update conceptual docs to include checkpoint

docs/docs/concepts/low_level.md, after:

# Low Level Conceptual Guide

## Graphs

At its core, LangGraph models agent workflows as graphs. You define the behavior of your agents using three key components:

1. `State`: A shared data structure that represents the current snapshot of your application. It can be any Python type, but is typically a `TypedDict` or Pydantic `BaseModel`.

2. `Nodes`: Python functions that encode the logic of your agents. They receive the current `State` as input, perform some computation or side-effect, and return an updated `State`.

3. `Edges`: Python functions that determine which `Node` to execute next based on the current `State`. They can be conditional branches or fixed transitions.

By composing `Nodes` and `Edges`, you can create complex, looping workflows that evolve the `State` over time. The real power, though, comes from how LangGraph manages that `State`. To emphasize: `Nodes` and `Edges` are nothing more than Python functions - they can contain an LLM or just good ol' Python code.

In short: _nodes do the work. edges tell what to do next_.

LangGraph's underlying graph algorithm uses [message passing](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Message_passing) to define a general program. When a `Node` completes, it sends a message along one or more edges to other node(s). These nodes run their functions, pass the resulting messages to the next set of nodes, and on and on it goes. Inspired by [Pregel](https://research.google/pubs/pregel-a-system-for-large-scale-graph-processing/), the program proceeds in discrete "super-steps" that are all executed conceptually in parallel. Whenever the graph is run, all the nodes start in an `inactive` state. Whenever an incoming edge (or "channel") receives a new message (state), the node becomes `active`, runs the function, and responds with updates. At the end of each superstep, each node votes to `halt` by marking itself as `inactive` if it has no more incoming messages. The graph terminates when all nodes are `inactive` and when no messages are in transit.

### StateGraph

The `StateGraph` class is the main graph class to uses. This is parameterized by a user defined `State` object.

### MessageGraph

The `MessageGraph` class is a special type of graph. The `State` of a `MessageGraph` is ONLY a list of messages. This class is rarely used except for chatbots, as most applications require the `State` to be more complex than a list of messages.

### Compiling your graph

To build your graph, you first define the [state](#state), you then add [nodes](#nodes) and [edges](#edges), and then you compile it. What exactly is compiling your graph and why is it needed?

Compiling is a pretty simple step. It provides a few basic checks on the structure of your graph (no orphaned nodes, etc). It is also where you can specify runtime args like [checkpointers](#checkpointer) and [breakpoints](#breakpoints). You compile your graph by just calling the `.compile` method:

```python
graph = graph_builder.compile(...)
```

You **MUST** compile your graph before you can use it.

## State

The first thing you do when you define a graph is define the `State` of the graph. The `State` consists of the schema of graph as well as `reducer` functions which specify how to apply updates to the state. The schema of the `State` will be the input schema to all `Nodes` and `Edges` in the graph, and can be either a `TypedDict` or a `Pydantic` model. All `Nodes` will emit updates to the `State` which are then applied using the specified `reducer` function.

### Schema

The main documented way to specify the schema of a graph is by using `TypedDict`. However, we also support [using a Pydantic BaseModel](https://langchain-ai.github.io/langgraph/how-tos/state-model/) as your graph state to add **default values** and additional data validation.

### Reducers

Reducers are key to understanding how updates from nodes are applied to the `State`. Each key in the `State` has its own independent reducer function. If no reducer function is explicitly specified then it is assumed that all updates to that key should override it. Let's take a look at a few examples to understand them better.

**Example A:**

```python
from typing import TypedDict

class State(TypedDict):
    foo: int
    bar: list[str]
```

In this example, no reducer functions are specified for any key. Let's assume the input to the graph is `{"foo": 1, "bar": ["hi"]}`. Let's then assume the first `Node` returns `{"foo": 2}`. This is treated as an update to the state. Notice that the `Node` does not need to return the whole `State` schema - just an update. After applying this update, the `State` would then be `{"foo": 2, "bar": ["hi"]}`. If the second node returns `{"bar": ["bye"]}` then the `State` would then be `{"foo": 2, "bar": ["bye"]}`


**Example B:**

```python
from typing import TypedDict, Annotated
from operator import add

class State(TypedDict):
    foo: int
    bar: Annotated[list[str], add]
```

In this example, we've used the `Annotated` type to specify a reducer function (`operator.add`) for the second key (`bar`). Note that the first key remains unchanged. Let's assume the input to the graph is `{"foo": 1, "bar": ["hi"]}`. Let's then assume the first `Node` returns `{"foo": 2}`. This is treated as an update to the state. Notice that the `Node` does not need to return the whole `State` schema - just an update. After applying this update, the `State` would then be `{"foo": 2, "bar": ["hi"]}`. If the second node returns `{"bar": ["bye"]}` then the `State` would then be `{"foo": 2, "bar": ["hi", "bye"]}`. Notice here that the `bar` key is updated by adding the two lists together.


### MessageState

`MessageState` is one of the few opinionated components in LangGraph. `MessageState` is a special state designed to make it easy to use a list of messages as a key in your state. Specifically, `MessageState` is defined as:

```python
from langchain_core.messages import AnyMessage
from langgraph.graph.message import add_messages
from typing import Annotated, TypedDict

class MessagesState(TypedDict):
    messages: Annotated[list[AnyMessage], add_messages]
```

What this is doing is creating a `TypedDict` with a single key: `messages`. This is a list of `Message` objects, with `add_messages` as a reducer. `add_messages` basically adds messages to the existing list (it also does some nice extra things, like convert from OpenAI message format to the standard LangChain message format, handle updates based on message IDs, etc).

We often see a list of messages being a key component of state, so this prebuilt state is intended to make it easy to use messages. Typically, there is more state to track than just messages, so we see people subclass this state and add more fields, like:

```python
from langgraph.graph import MessagesState

class State(MessagesState):
    documents: list[str]
```

## Nodes

In LangGraph, nodes are typically python functions (sync or `async`) where the **first** positional argument is the [state](#state), and (optionally), the **second** positional argument is a "config", containing optional [configurable parameters](#configuration) (such as a `thread_id`).

Similar to `NetworkX`, you add these nodes to a graph using the [add_node](https://langchain-ai.github.io/langgraph/reference/graphs/#langgraph.graph.MessageGraph) method:

```python
from langchain_core.runnables import RunnableConfig
from langgraph.graph import StateGraph

builder = StateGraph(dict)


def my_node(state: dict, config: RunnableConfig):
    print("In node: ", config["configurable"]["user_id"])
    return {"results": f"Hello, {state['input']}!"}


# The second argument is optional
def my_other_node(state: dict):
    return state


builder.add_node("my_node", my_node)
builder.add_node("other_node", my_other_node)
...
```


Behind the scenes, functions are converted to [RunnableLambda's](https://api.python.langchain.com/en/latest/runnables/langchain_core.runnables.base.RunnableLambda.html#langchain_core.runnables.base.RunnableLambda), which add batch and async support to your function, along with native tracing and debugging.

If you add a node to graph without specifying a name, it will be given a default name equivalent to the function name.

```python
builder.add_node(my_node)
# You can then create edges to/from this node by referencing it as `"my_node"`
```

### `START` Node

The `START` Node is a special node that represents the node sends user input to the graph. The main purpose for referencing this node is to determine which nodes should be called first.

```python
from langgraph.graph import START

graph.add_edge(START, "node_a")
```

### `END` Node

The `END` Node is a special node that represents a terminal node. This node is referenced when you want to denote which edges have no actions after they are done.

```
from langgraph.graph import END

graph.add_edge("node_a", END)
```

## Edges

Edges define how the logic is routed and how the graph decides to stop. This is a big part of how your agents work and how different nodes communicate with each other. There are a few key types of edges:

- Normal Edges: Go directly from one node to the next.
- Conditional Edges: Call a function to determine which node(s) to go to next.
- Entry Point: Which node to call first when user input arrives.
- Conditional Entry Point: Call a function to determine which node(s) to call first when user input arrives.

A node can have MULTIPLE outgoing edges. If a node has multiple out-going edges, **all** of those destination nodes will be executed in parallel as a part of the next superstep.

### Normal Edges

If you **always** want to go from node A to node B, you can use the [add_edge](https://langchain-ai.github.io/langgraph/reference/graphs/#langgraph.graph.StateGraph.add_edge) method directly.

```python
graph.add_edge("node_a", "node_b")
```

### Conditional Edges

If you want to **optionally** route to 1 or more edges (or optionally terminate), you can use the [add_conditional_edges](https://langchain-ai.github.io/langgraph/reference/graphs/#langgraph.graph.StateGraph.add_conditional_edges) method. This method accepts the name of a node and a "routing function" to call after that node is executed:

```python
graph.add_edge("node_a", routing_function)
```

Similar to nodes, the `routing_function` accept the current `state` of the graph and return a value.

By default, the return value `routing_function` is used as the name of the node (or a list of nodes) to send the state to next. All those nodes will be run in parallel as a part of the next superstep.

You can optionally provide a dictionary that maps the `routing_function`'s output to the name of the next node.

```python
graph.add_edge("node_a", routing_function, {True: "node_b", False: "node_c"})
```

### Entry Point

The entry point is first node to call when the graph starts.

```python
graph.set_entry_point("node_a")
```

This is equivalent to adding an edge between the `START` node and this node. You may want to use `START` directly when you want to have **multiple** nodes be called first.

```python
from langgraph.graph import START

graph.add_edge(START, "node_a")
```

### Conditional Entry Point

The conditional entry point is used when you want to specify a function to call to determine which node(s) should be called first.

```python
graph.set_conditional_entry_point(routing_function)
```

You can optionally provide a dictionary that maps the `routing_function`'s output to the name of the next node.

```python
graph.set_conditional_entry_point(routing_function, {True: "node_b", False: "node_c"})
```

## `Send`

By default, `Nodes` and `Edges` are defined ahead of time and operate on the same shared state. However, there can be cases where the exact edges are not known ahead of time and/or you may want different versions of `State` to exist at the same time. A common of example of this is with `map-reduce` design patterns. In this design pattern, a first node may generate a list of objects, and you may want to apply some other node to all those objects. The number of objects may be unknown ahead of time (meaning the number of edges may not be known) and the input `State` to the downstream `Node` should be different (one for each generated object).

To support this design pattern, LangGraph supports returning [`Send`](https://langchain-ai.github.io/langgraph/reference/graphs/#send) objects from conditional edges. `Send` takes two arguments: first is the name of the node, and second is the state to pass to that node.

```python
def continue_to_jokes(state: OverallState):
    return [Send("generate_joke", {"subject": s}) for s in state['subjects']]

graph.add_conditional_edges("node_a", continue_to_jokes)
```

## Checkpointer

One of the main benefits of LangGraph is that it comes backed by a persistence layer. This is accomplished via [checkpointers](https://langchain-ai.github.io/langgraph/reference/checkpoints/#basecheckpointsaver).

Checkpointers can be used to save a _checkpoint_ of the state of a graph after all steps of the graph. This allows for several things. 

First, it allows for human-in-the-loop workflows, as it allows humans to inspect, interrupt, and approve steps. Checkpointers are needed for these workflows as the human has to be able to view the state of a graph at any point in time, and the graph has to be to resume execution after the human has made any updates to the state.

Second, it allows for "memory" between interactions. You can use checkpointers to create threads and save the state of a thread after a graph executes. In the case of repeated human interactions (like conversations) any follow up messages can be sent to that checkpoint, which will retain its memory of previous ones.

## Threads

When using a checkpointer, you must specify a `thread_id` or `thread_ts` when running the graph.
Threads are used to checkpoint multiple different runs. This can be used to enable a multi-tenant chat applications.

`thread_id` is simply the ID of a thread. This is always required

`thread_ts` can optionally be passed. This identifier refers to a specific checkpoint within a thread. This can be used to kick of a run of a graph from some point halfway through a thread.

You must pass these when invoking the graph as part of the configurable part of the config.

```python
config = {"configurable": {"thread_id": "a"}}
graph.invoke(inputs, config=config)
```

## Checkpointer state

When you use a checkpointer with a graph, you can interact with the state of that graph.
This usually done when enabling different human-in-the-loop interaction patterns.
Each time you run the graph, the checkpointer creates several checkpoints every time a
node or set of nodes finishes running.
The most recent checkpoint is the current state of the thread.
When interacting with the checkpointer state, you must specify a [thread identifier](#threads).

Each checkpoint has two properties:

- **values**: This is the value of the state at this point in time.
- **next**: This is a tuple of the nodes to execute next in the graph.

### Get state

You can get the state of a checkpointer by calling `graph.get_state(config)`. The config should contain `thread_id`, and the state will be fetched for that thread.

### Get state history

You can also call `graph.get_state_history(config)` to get a list of the history of the graph. The config should contain `thread_id`, and the state history will be fetched for that thread. 

### Update state

You can also interact with the state directly and update it. This takes three different components:

- config
- values
- `as_node`


**config**

The config should contain `thread_id` specifying which thread to update.

**values**

These are the values that will be used to update the state. Note that this update is treated exactly as any update from a node is treated. This means that these values will be passed to the [reducer](#reducers) functions that are part of the state. So this does NOT automatically overwrite the state. Let's walk through an example.

Let's assume you have defined the state of your graph as:

```python
from typing import TypedDict, Annotated
from operator import add

class State(TypedDict):
    foo: int
    bar: Annotated[list[str], add]
```

Let's now assume the current state of the graph is 

```
{"foo": 1, "bar": ["a"]}
```

If you update the state as below:
```
graph.update_state(config, {"foo": 2, "bar": ["b"]})
```

Then the new state of the graph will be:

```
{"foo": 2, "bar": ["a", "b"]}
```

The `foo` key is completely changed (because there is no reducer specified for that key, so it overwrites it). However, there is a reducer specified for the `bar` key, and so it appends `"b"` to the state of `bar`.

**`as_node`**

The final thing you specify when calling `update_state` is `as_node`. This update will be applied as if it came from node `as_node`. If `as_node` is not provided, it will be set to the last node that updated the state, if not ambiguous.

The reason this matters is that the next steps in the graph to execute depend on the last node to have given an update, so this can be used to control which node executes next.

## Configuration

When creating a graph, you can also mark that certain parts of the graph are configurable. This is commonly done to enable easily switching between models or system prompts. This allows you to create a single "cognitive architecture" (the graph) but have multiple different instance of it.

You can optionally specify a `config_schema` when creating a graph.

```python
class ConfigSchema(TypedDict):
    llm: str

graph = StateGraph(State, config_schema=ConfigSchema)
```

You can then pass this configuration into the graph using the `configurable` config field.

```python
config = {"configurable": {"llm": "anthropic"}}

graph.invoke(inputs, config=config)
```

You can then access and use this configuration inside a node:

```python
def node_a(state, config):
    llm_type = config.get("configurable", {}).get("llm", "openai")
    llm = get_llm(llm_type)
    ...
```

## Breakpoints

It can often be useful to set breakpoints before or after certain nodes execute. This can be used to wait for human approval before continuing. These can be set when you ["compile" a graph](#compiling-your-graph). You can set breakpoints either *before* a node executes (using `interrupt_before`) or after a node executes (using `interrupt_after`.) 

You **MUST** use a [checkpoiner](#checkpointer) when using breakpoints. This is because your graph needs to be able to resume execution.

In order to resume execution, you can just invoke your graph with `None` as the input.

```python
# Initial run of graph
graph.invoke(inputs, config=config)

# Let's assume it hit a breakpoint somewhere, you can then resume by passing in None
graph.invoke(None, config=config)
```

## Visualization

It's often nice to be able to visualize graphs, especially as they get more complex. LangGraph comes with several built-in ways to visualize graphs. See [this how-to guide](https://langchain-ai.github.io/langgraph/how-tos/visualization/) for more info.

## Streaming

LangGraph is built with first class support for streaming. There are several different streaming modes that LangGraph supports:

- `"values"`: This streams the full value of the state after each step of the graph.
- `"updates`: This streams the updates to the state after each step of the graph. If multiple updates are made in the same step (e.g. multiple nodes are run) then those updates are streamed separately.
- `"debug"`: This streams as much information as possible throughout the execution of the graph.

In addition, you can use the [`astream_events`](https://langchain-ai.github.io/langgraph/how-tos/streaming-tokens/) method to stream back events that happen _inside_ nodes. This is useful for streaming tokens of LLM calls.
