docs/docs/cloud/how-tos/rollback_concurrent.md, before:

## Rollback

This guide assumes knowledge of what double-texting is, which you can learn about in the [double-texting conceptual guide][double-texting].

The guide covers the `rollback` option for double texting, which interrupts the prior run of the graph and starts a new one with the double-text. This option is very similar to the `interrupt` option, but in this case the first run is completely deleted from the database and cannot be restarted. Below is a quick example of using the `rollback` option.

First, we will define a quick helper function for printing out JS and CURL model outputs (you can skip this if using Python):

=== "Javascript"

    ```js
    function prettyPrint(m) {
      const padded = " " + m['type'] + " ";
      const sepLen = Math.floor((80 - padded.length) / 2);
      const sep = "=".repeat(sepLen);
      const secondSep = sep + (padded.length % 2 ? "=" : "");
      
      console.log(`${sep}${padded}${secondSep}`);
      console.log("\n\n");
      console.log(m.content);
    }
    ```

=== "CURL"

    ```bash
    # PLACE THIS IN A FILE CALLED pretty_print.sh
    pretty_print() {
      local type="$1"
      local content="$2"
      local padded=" $type "
      local total_width=80
      local sep_len=$(( (total_width - ${#padded}) / 2 ))
      local sep=$(printf '=%.0s' $(eval "echo {1.."${sep_len}"}"))
      local second_sep=$sep
      if (( (total_width - ${#padded}) % 2 )); then
        second_sep="${second_sep}="
      fi

      echo "${sep}${padded}${second_sep}"
      echo
      echo "$content"
    }
    ```

Now, let's import our required packages and instantiate our client, assistant, and thread.

=== "Python"

    ```python
    import asyncio

    import httpx
    from langchain_core.messages import convert_to_messages
    from langgraph_sdk import get_client

    client = get_client(url=<DEPLOYMENT_URL>)
    # Using the graph deployed with the name "agent"
    assistant_id = "agent"
    thread = await client.threads.create()
    ```

=== "Javascript"

    ```js
    import { Client } from "@langchain/langgraph-sdk";

    const client = new Client({ apiUrl: <DEPLOYMENT_URL> });
    // Using the graph deployed with the name "agent"
    const assistantId = "agent";
    const thread = await client.threads.create();
    ```

=== "CURL"

    ```bash
    curl --request POST \
      --url <DEPLOYMENT_URL>/threads \
      --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
      --data '{}'
    ```

Now let's run a thread with the multitask parameter set to "rollback":

=== "Python"

    ```python
    # the first run will be rolled back
    rolled_back_run = await client.runs.create(
        thread["thread_id"],
        assistant_id,
        input={"messages": [{"role": "human", "content": "what's the weather in sf?"}]},
    )
    await asyncio.sleep(2)
    run = await client.runs.create(
        thread["thread_id"],
        assistant_id,
        input={"messages": [{"role": "human", "content": "what's the weather in nyc?"}]},
        multitask_strategy="rollback",
    )
    # wait until the second run completes
    await client.runs.join(thread["thread_id"], run["run_id"])
    ```

=== "Javascript"

    ```js
    // the first run will be interrupted
    let rolledBackRun = await client.runs.create(
      thread["thread_id"],
      assistantId,
      { input: { messages: [{ role: "human", content: "what's the weather in sf?" }] } }
    );
    await new Promise(resolve => setTimeout(resolve, 2000)); 

    let run = await client.runs.create(
      thread["thread_id"],
      assistant_id,
      { 
        input: { messages: [{ role: "human", content: "what's the weather in nyc?" }] },
        multitaskStrategy: "rollback" 
      }
    );

    // wait until the second run completes
    await client.runs.join(thread["thread_id"], run["run_id"]);
    ```

=== "CURL"

    ```bash
    curl --request POST \
    --url <DEPLOY<ENT_URL>>/threads/<THREAD_ID>/runs \
    --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
    --data "{
      \"assistant_id\": \"agent\",
      \"input\": {\"messages\": [{\"role\": \"human\", \"content\": \"what\'s the weather in sf?\"}]},
    }" && sleep 2 && curl --request POST \
    --url <DEPLOY<ENT_URL>>/threads/<THREAD_ID>/runs \
    --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
    --data "{
      \"assistant_id\": \"agent\",
      \"input\": {\"messages\": [{\"role\": \"human\", \"content\": \"what\'s the weather in nyc?\"}]},
      \"multitask_strategy\": \"rollback\"
    }" && curl --request GET \
    --url <DEPLOYMENT_URL>/threads/<THREAD_ID>/runs/<RUN_ID>/join
    ```

We can see that the thread has data only from the second run

=== "Python"

    ```python
    state = await client.threads.get_state(thread["thread_id"])

    for m in convert_to_messages(state["values"]["messages"]):
        m.pretty_print()
    ```

=== "Javascript"

    ```js
    const state = await client.threads.getState(thread["thread_id"]);

    for (const m of state['values']['messages']) {
      prettyPrint(m);
    }
    ```

=== "CURL"

    ```bash
    source pretty_print.sh && curl --request GET \
    --url <DEPLOYMENT_URL>/threads/<THREAD_ID>/state | \
    jq -c '.values.messages[]' | while read -r element; do
        type=$(echo "$element" | jq -r '.type')
        content=$(echo "$element" | jq -r '.content | if type == "array" then tostring else . end')
        pretty_print "$type" "$content"
    done
    ```

Output:

    ================================ Human Message =================================
    
    what's the weather in nyc?
    ================================== Ai Message ==================================
    
    [{'id': 'toolu_01JzPqefao1gxwajHQ3Yh3JD', 'input': {'query': 'weather in nyc'}, 'name': 'tavily_search_results_json', 'type': 'tool_use'}]
    Tool Calls:
      tavily_search_results_json (toolu_01JzPqefao1gxwajHQ3Yh3JD)
     Call ID: toolu_01JzPqefao1gxwajHQ3Yh3JD
      Args:
        query: weather in nyc
    ================================= Tool Message =================================
    Name: tavily_search_results_json
    
    [{"url": "https://www.weatherapi.com/", "content": "{'location': {'name': 'New York', 'region': 'New York', 'country': 'United States of America', 'lat': 40.71, 'lon': -74.01, 'tz_id': 'America/New_York', 'localtime_epoch': 1718734479, 'localtime': '2024-06-18 14:14'}, 'current': {'last_updated_epoch': 1718733600, 'last_updated': '2024-06-18 14:00', 'temp_c': 29.4, 'temp_f': 84.9, 'is_day': 1, 'condition': {'text': 'Sunny', 'icon': '//cdn.weatherapi.com/weather/64x64/day/113.png', 'code': 1000}, 'wind_mph': 2.2, 'wind_kph': 3.6, 'wind_degree': 158, 'wind_dir': 'SSE', 'pressure_mb': 1025.0, 'pressure_in': 30.26, 'precip_mm': 0.0, 'precip_in': 0.0, 'humidity': 63, 'cloud': 0, 'feelslike_c': 31.3, 'feelslike_f': 88.3, 'windchill_c': 28.3, 'windchill_f': 82.9, 'heatindex_c': 29.6, 'heatindex_f': 85.3, 'dewpoint_c': 18.4, 'dewpoint_f': 65.2, 'vis_km': 16.0, 'vis_miles': 9.0, 'uv': 7.0, 'gust_mph': 16.5, 'gust_kph': 26.5}}"}]
    ================================== Ai Message ==================================
    
    The weather API results show that the current weather in New York City is sunny with a temperature of around 85°F (29°C). The wind is light at around 2-3 mph from the south-southeast. Overall it looks like a nice sunny summer day in NYC.


Verify that the original, rolled back run was deleted

=== "Python"

    ```python
    try:
        await client.runs.get(thread["thread_id"], rolled_back_run["run_id"])
    except httpx.HTTPStatusError as _:
        print("Original run was correctly deleted")
    ```

=== "Javascript"

    ```js
    try {
      await client.runs.get(thread["thread_id"], rolledBackRun["run_id"]);
    } catch (e) {
      console.log("Original run was correctly deleted");
    }
    ```

Output:

    Original run was correctly deleted

Commit message:

message role, setup, and langsmith callout consistency

docs/docs/cloud/how-tos/rollback_concurrent.md, after:

# Rollback

<div class="admonition tip">
    <p class="admonition-title">Setup <a href="https://smith.langchain.com">LangSmith</a> for better debugging</p>
    <p style="padding-top: 5px;">
        Sign up for LangSmith to quickly spot issues and improve the performance of your LangGraph projects. LangSmith lets you use trace data to debug, test, and monitor your LLM aps built with LangGraph — read more about how LangSmith can help you in the <a href="https://docs.smith.langchain.com
        ">docs</a>. 
    </p>
</div>    

This guide assumes knowledge of what double-texting is, which you can learn about in the [double-texting conceptual guide][double-texting].

The guide covers the `rollback` option for double texting, which interrupts the prior run of the graph and starts a new one with the double-text. This option is very similar to the `interrupt` option, but in this case the first run is completely deleted from the database and cannot be restarted. Below is a quick example of using the `rollback` option.

## Setup

First, we will define a quick helper function for printing out JS and CURL model outputs (you can skip this if using Python):

=== "Javascript"

    ```js
    function prettyPrint(m) {
      const padded = " " + m['type'] + " ";
      const sepLen = Math.floor((80 - padded.length) / 2);
      const sep = "=".repeat(sepLen);
      const secondSep = sep + (padded.length % 2 ? "=" : "");
      
      console.log(`${sep}${padded}${secondSep}`);
      console.log("\n\n");
      console.log(m.content);
    }
    ```

=== "CURL"

    ```bash
    # PLACE THIS IN A FILE CALLED pretty_print.sh
    pretty_print() {
      local type="$1"
      local content="$2"
      local padded=" $type "
      local total_width=80
      local sep_len=$(( (total_width - ${#padded}) / 2 ))
      local sep=$(printf '=%.0s' $(eval "echo {1.."${sep_len}"}"))
      local second_sep=$sep
      if (( (total_width - ${#padded}) % 2 )); then
        second_sep="${second_sep}="
      fi

      echo "${sep}${padded}${second_sep}"
      echo
      echo "$content"
    }
    ```

Now, let's import our required packages and instantiate our client, assistant, and thread.

=== "Python"

    ```python
    import asyncio

    import httpx
    from langchain_core.messages import convert_to_messages
    from langgraph_sdk import get_client

    client = get_client(url=<DEPLOYMENT_URL>)
    # Using the graph deployed with the name "agent"
    assistant_id = "agent"
    thread = await client.threads.create()
    ```

=== "Javascript"

    ```js
    import { Client } from "@langchain/langgraph-sdk";

    const client = new Client({ apiUrl: <DEPLOYMENT_URL> });
    // Using the graph deployed with the name "agent"
    const assistantId = "agent";
    const thread = await client.threads.create();
    ```

=== "CURL"

    ```bash
    curl --request POST \
      --url <DEPLOYMENT_URL>/threads \
      --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
      --data '{}'
    ```

## Create runs

Now let's run a thread with the multitask parameter set to "rollback":

=== "Python"

    ```python
    # the first run will be rolled back
    rolled_back_run = await client.runs.create(
        thread["thread_id"],
        assistant_id,
        input={"messages": [{"role": "user", "content": "what's the weather in sf?"}]},
    )
    await asyncio.sleep(2)
    run = await client.runs.create(
        thread["thread_id"],
        assistant_id,
        input={"messages": [{"role": "user", "content": "what's the weather in nyc?"}]},
        multitask_strategy="rollback",
    )
    # wait until the second run completes
    await client.runs.join(thread["thread_id"], run["run_id"])
    ```

=== "Javascript"

    ```js
    // the first run will be interrupted
    let rolledBackRun = await client.runs.create(
      thread["thread_id"],
      assistantId,
      { input: { messages: [{ role: "human", content: "what's the weather in sf?" }] } }
    );
    await new Promise(resolve => setTimeout(resolve, 2000)); 

    let run = await client.runs.create(
      thread["thread_id"],
      assistant_id,
      { 
        input: { messages: [{ role: "human", content: "what's the weather in nyc?" }] },
        multitaskStrategy: "rollback" 
      }
    );

    // wait until the second run completes
    await client.runs.join(thread["thread_id"], run["run_id"]);
    ```

=== "CURL"

    ```bash
    curl --request POST \
    --url <DEPLOY<ENT_URL>>/threads/<THREAD_ID>/runs \
    --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
    --data "{
      \"assistant_id\": \"agent\",
      \"input\": {\"messages\": [{\"role\": \"human\", \"content\": \"what\'s the weather in sf?\"}]},
    }" && sleep 2 && curl --request POST \
    --url <DEPLOY<ENT_URL>>/threads/<THREAD_ID>/runs \
    --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
    --data "{
      \"assistant_id\": \"agent\",
      \"input\": {\"messages\": [{\"role\": \"human\", \"content\": \"what\'s the weather in nyc?\"}]},
      \"multitask_strategy\": \"rollback\"
    }" && curl --request GET \
    --url <DEPLOYMENT_URL>/threads/<THREAD_ID>/runs/<RUN_ID>/join
    ```

## Check run status

We can see that the thread has data only from the second run

=== "Python"

    ```python
    state = await client.threads.get_state(thread["thread_id"])

    for m in convert_to_messages(state["values"]["messages"]):
        m.pretty_print()
    ```

=== "Javascript"

    ```js
    const state = await client.threads.getState(thread["thread_id"]);

    for (const m of state['values']['messages']) {
      prettyPrint(m);
    }
    ```

=== "CURL"

    ```bash
    source pretty_print.sh && curl --request GET \
    --url <DEPLOYMENT_URL>/threads/<THREAD_ID>/state | \
    jq -c '.values.messages[]' | while read -r element; do
        type=$(echo "$element" | jq -r '.type')
        content=$(echo "$element" | jq -r '.content | if type == "array" then tostring else . end')
        pretty_print "$type" "$content"
    done
    ```

Output:

    ================================ Human Message =================================
    
    what's the weather in nyc?
    ================================== Ai Message ==================================
    
    [{'id': 'toolu_01JzPqefao1gxwajHQ3Yh3JD', 'input': {'query': 'weather in nyc'}, 'name': 'tavily_search_results_json', 'type': 'tool_use'}]
    Tool Calls:
      tavily_search_results_json (toolu_01JzPqefao1gxwajHQ3Yh3JD)
     Call ID: toolu_01JzPqefao1gxwajHQ3Yh3JD
      Args:
        query: weather in nyc
    ================================= Tool Message =================================
    Name: tavily_search_results_json
    
    [{"url": "https://www.weatherapi.com/", "content": "{'location': {'name': 'New York', 'region': 'New York', 'country': 'United States of America', 'lat': 40.71, 'lon': -74.01, 'tz_id': 'America/New_York', 'localtime_epoch': 1718734479, 'localtime': '2024-06-18 14:14'}, 'current': {'last_updated_epoch': 1718733600, 'last_updated': '2024-06-18 14:00', 'temp_c': 29.4, 'temp_f': 84.9, 'is_day': 1, 'condition': {'text': 'Sunny', 'icon': '//cdn.weatherapi.com/weather/64x64/day/113.png', 'code': 1000}, 'wind_mph': 2.2, 'wind_kph': 3.6, 'wind_degree': 158, 'wind_dir': 'SSE', 'pressure_mb': 1025.0, 'pressure_in': 30.26, 'precip_mm': 0.0, 'precip_in': 0.0, 'humidity': 63, 'cloud': 0, 'feelslike_c': 31.3, 'feelslike_f': 88.3, 'windchill_c': 28.3, 'windchill_f': 82.9, 'heatindex_c': 29.6, 'heatindex_f': 85.3, 'dewpoint_c': 18.4, 'dewpoint_f': 65.2, 'vis_km': 16.0, 'vis_miles': 9.0, 'uv': 7.0, 'gust_mph': 16.5, 'gust_kph': 26.5}}"}]
    ================================== Ai Message ==================================
    
    The weather API results show that the current weather in New York City is sunny with a temperature of around 85°F (29°C). The wind is light at around 2-3 mph from the south-southeast. Overall it looks like a nice sunny summer day in NYC.


Verify that the original, rolled back run was deleted

=== "Python"

    ```python
    try:
        await client.runs.get(thread["thread_id"], rolled_back_run["run_id"])
    except httpx.HTTPStatusError as _:
        print("Original run was correctly deleted")
    ```

=== "Javascript"

    ```js
    try {
      await client.runs.get(thread["thread_id"], rolledBackRun["run_id"]);
    } catch (e) {
      console.log("Original run was correctly deleted");
    }
    ```

Output:

    Original run was correctly deleted
